https://github.com/Luxcium/rpc-worker-pool/blob/27c209d27fe1a1f81c44dbdda6ec5c70bf05a272/src/server/worker.ts

can be translated (shortened) to:
https://github.com/Luxcium/rpc-worker-pool/blob/rpc-worker-pool/src/server/worker.ts
(the main branch here is named rpc-worker-pool)

and is referring to:
/projects/monorepo-one/services/rpc-worker-pool/src/server/worker.ts
which can be shortened to: src/server/worker.ts (the rpc-worker-pool
is the root of the project)

the project is inside a monorepo and it appends that this is one of
the rare exception to have its own repo (a sub module) only 4 projects
have their own repos in the mono-repo they are listed here:
/projects/monorepo-one/.gitmodules the monorepo itself is not under my
personal user name but under my organisation as an example the
.gitmodules can be found at:
https://github.com/LuxciumProject/monorepo-one/blob/bf8d04f8253beda4447c1d89d78a29c44cf34747/.gitmodules
similarrly as the previous link it can be shortened to
https://github.com/LuxciumProject/monorepo-one/blob/principal/.gitmodules
(the main branch here is named principal)

on the local file system the file .gitmodules is in the root of the
monorepo /projects/monorepo-one/ in the root of the repo 2 files are
telling everything about the monorepo shape one very large JSON file
is located at /projects/monorepo-one/monorepo-one.code-workspace if
you can access only part of a JSON file you could look at only the
folders situated at the top of te file before the line 196 like for
all the git hub links mentioned earlier if they point to a file you
can infer that the file is available in raw format and is easier to
access probably as it contains only the text of the file and no
surrounding HTML like this link
`https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuxciumProject/monorepo-one/principal/monorepo-one.code-workspace`
you probably already inferred that shape of this link is pretty
straight forward
`${https:}//${"raw.githubusercontent.com"}/${git_hub_user_name}/${repo_name}/${git_branch}/${path_to_filename}`
or something like that... the path can be longer if the file
monorepo-one.code-workspace is too large for you to get access to the
head (top first 195 lines of the body of the file itself) to infer the
shape of the project an other method a little bit less accurate would
be to look at the file /projects/monorepo-one/rush.json at the line
371 more or less there is an array starting with `  "projects": [`
listing the projects names from which you can infer the shape of the
monorepo... (be careful in each case it contains commented out `//` or
`/* ... */` information not part of the overall structure the size of
the file `monorepo-one.code-workspace` is 2944 lines (2940 loc) · 79.4
KB vs 630 lines (630 loc) · 27.5 KB in the `rush.json` file located at
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/LuxciumProject/monorepo-one/principal/rush.json...
so as you can infer I am using
«https://rushjs.io/pages/intro/welcome/» and
«https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/multi-root-workspaces»
hence those configuration files...


please first instead of going to browse files... instead produce a
complete summary of all the informations provided... then list the
files you think are worthy to be looked at in the order of importance
(you can use file names or descriptive short name instead of full file
path or full URL) list the most worthy top and the least worthy but
worthy enough to be listed last do not list files that you do not
infer have too much value... remember that you can ask me to copy part
snippets of code saving time and resources instead of browsing all the
information yourself.... mention in a clear manner that you will
remember to ask question to you human user (ME! Luxcium) if you need
any clarification on anything before starting expensive browsing
session to explore the file on the github repos or elsewhere, it is
your task to infer when it might be easier just to browse the file
yourself like the `.gitmodules` would be a pretty good example of one
file that you should be looking by yourself...


after your summary and after the list and after reminding yourself by
clearly stating that you can ask me for additional information and
that you should infer when to sometimes browse instead of asking me
please proceed with the pre analysis of what will be needed for the
task (for the moment we will be working on the RpcWorkerPool class
located in this file->
/projects/monorepo-one/services/rpc-worker-pool/src/server/RpcWorkerPool.ts
and over all the project we will be working on have 4 main files the 3
others are the entry point (denotaded by a leading underscore `_` in
the file
/projects/monorepo-one/services/rpc-worker-pool/src/server/_pool-instance.ts
that contains an IIFE of a MAIN function as the entry point when
calling the file directly using «ts-node
"/projects/monorepo-one/services/rpc-worker-pool/src/server/_pool-instance.ts"»
and the worker.ts file already mentioned that is using the command.ts
to list what it can do at the relative path:
`src/commands/tools/commands.ts` this file list the methods that can
be called in the main file using an instance of the worker pool which
is going to create instances of the worker.ts file via local file pat
provided to the class at instantiation... all those 4 files contain
code that I will be happy to provide you or to tell you to go look and
you will be able to look at the imports from the git hub and git hub
raw path translating that you inferred earlier from this message for
the moment I think you have enough to start this session please do not
brown in your first message instead do what you have been ask and
after all that already being ask finally at the very end please do a
summary of all that was said by you including what was said by me that
was not mentioned so far in your reply make it an overview of our 2
messages combined in a way to reorder the ideas in the correct order
instead of the order they have been mentioned use the last summary to
reorganize the ideas in a more meaningful and significant order
